Terms of Service (ToS) for using ニキータ・パリク

Thank you for using our Discord bot ニキータ・パリク! These terms of service (“Terms”) apply to your use of the bot, including any updates or modifications to the bot, as well as any associated documentation or materials (collectively, the “Service”).

By using the Service, you agree to these Terms. If you do not agree to these Terms, please do not use the Service.

1. Use of the Service
You may use the Service only for lawful purposes and in accordance with these Terms. You agree not to use the Service:
In any way that violates any applicable federal, state, local, or international law or regulation.
To impersonate or attempt to impersonate us, our employees, another user, or any other person or entity.
To engage in any other conduct that restricts or inhibits anyone's use or enjoyment of the Service, or which, as determined by us, may harm us or users of the Service, or expose them to liability.
Intellectual Property
The Service and its entire contents, features, and functionality (including but not limited to all information, software, text, displays, images, video, and audio, and the design, selection, and arrangement thereof), are owned by us or our licensors.

2. Disclaimer of Warranties
The Service is provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis. We make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of the Service or the information, content, materials, or products included in the Service. You expressly agree that your use of the Service is at your sole risk.

3. Limitation of Liability
We will not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, special, or punitive damages of any kind arising from your use of the Service, including but not limited to damages for loss of profits, use, data, or other intangibles, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages.

4. Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless us, our affiliates, licensors, and service providers, and our and their respective officers, directors, employees, contractors, agents, licensors, suppliers, successors, and assigns from and against any claims, liabilities, damages, judgments, awards, losses, costs, expenses, or fees (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) arising out of or relating to your violation of these Terms or your use of the Service.

5. Termination
We may terminate your access to the Service, without cause or notice, which may result in the forfeiture and destruction of all information associated with your account. All provisions of these Terms that by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity, and limitations of liability.

6. Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of India, without regard to its conflicts of law provisions.

7. Changes to the Terms
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material, we will provide notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.

9. Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us at https://discord.gg/Xyk2TjeAMJ.

By using the Service, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by these Terms.
